[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#601)
MicrosoftDocs/office-developer-client-docs: docs/project/bulk-update-custom-fields-and-create-project-sites-from-workflow-in-project.md

In addition to providing more flexibility, these methods also offer significant performance improvements when saving and publishing projects in a workflow. This article describes how to use the methods in the REST API and provides instructions for creating a workflow that bulk updates custom fields and a workflow that creates a Project site.
  
> [!NOTE]

> > To learn more about calling REST APIs from SharePoint 2013 workflows, see Using SharePoint REST services from workflow with POST method (`https://mysharepointinsight.blogspot.com/2013/05/using-sharepoint-rest-services-from.mdl`) and [Calling the SharePoint 2013 Rest API from a SharePoint Designer Workflow](https://sergeluca.wordpress.com/2013/04/09/calling-the-sharepoint-2013-rest-api-from-a-sharepoint-designer-workflow/).

Reviewer: Link does not work
```suggestion
> To learn more about calling REST APIs from SharePoint 2013 workflows, see Understanding and [Using the SharePoint 2013 REST Interface](/archive/msdn-magazine/2013/may/sharepoint-2013-understanding-and-using-the-sharepoint-2013-rest-interface.md) and [Calling the SharePoint 2013 Rest API from a SharePoint Designer Workflow](https://sergeluca.wordpress.com/2013/04/09/calling-the-sharepoint-2013-rest-api-from-a-sharepoint-designer-workflow/).
```
